README.md, before:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
Example Horiseon web page
![Horiseon Project Example Web Page](/assets/images/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)



This web page was originally written without semantic structure. The challenge for this project is to refactor the starter html
code and rewrite it semantically. In the process of doing this, we also have an oppurtunity to expand on the web page's accessibilty. 

Here's why we're doing this:
* Great refresher on the basics of HTML and how it's stylized with CSS
* Great refresher on version control, Git, and GitHub
* Showcase the importance of accessbility 😀


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

Please follow these steps if you'd like to clone the repo so you can can see the files yourself

### Prerequisites

Please have a GitHub account and set up your SSH key so you may git pull the latest changes to the repository. It's
reccomended to install Visual Studio code as well.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/stvrmrz/Challenge-01-Refactor
   ```
3. Open the repo 
   ```sh
   cd Challenge-01-refactor
   ```
4. Open with VS Code
   ```sh
   code .
   ```

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] When I view the source code, then I find semantic HTML elements
- [x] When I view the structure of the HTML elements, then I find that elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
- [x] When I view the icon and image elements, then I find accessible alt attributes
- [x] When I view the heading attributes, then they fall in sequential order
- [x] When I view the title element, then I find a concise descriptive title

See the [closed issues](https://github.com/stvrmrz/Challenge-01-Refactor/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed) for a full list of features.

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Steve Ramirez - [@stvrmrz](https://twitter.com/stvrmrz) - stevearamirez@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/stvrmrz/Challenge-01-Refactor](https://github.com/stvrmrz/Challenge-01-Refactor)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

Use this space to list resources you find helpful and would like to give credit to. I've included a few of my favorites to kick things off!

* [othneildrew Best-README-Template](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)
* [Semantic HTML Web.dev ](https://web.dev/learn/html/semantic-html)
* [Hero sections — accessible, semantic and performant](https://medium.com/@matt.dawkins/hero-sections-accessible-semantic-and-performant-c04502e16f40)
* [CSS FAQ MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Howto/CSS_FAQ)
* [Understanding the Purpose and Usage of the span Element in HTML](https://www.bloomtech.com/programming-questions/what-is-span-in-html#:~:text=The%20element%20is%20often,or%20semantics%20of%20the%20document.)
* [ID vs. Class CSS: Which Should You Use?](https://www.bestcolleges.com/bootcamps/guides/css-class-vs-id/#:~:text=What%20Is%20Class%3F,They%20are%20not%20unique.)
* [How to create a full-page hero image (HTML & CSS)](https://codetheweb.blog/fullscreen-image-hero/)
* [aspect-ratio MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/aspect-ratio)
* [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43388041/why-is-there-a-few-pixels-of-white-space-margin-at-the-bottom-of-position-absolu)

Commit message:

Adding deployed web page link

README.md, after:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
Example Horiseon web page

![Horiseon Project Example Web Page](/assets/images/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)



This web page was originally written without semantic structure. The challenge for this project is to refactor the starter html
code and rewrite it semantically. In the process of doing this, we also have an oppurtunity to expand on the web page's accessibilty. 

Here's why we're doing this:
* Great refresher on the basics of HTML and how it's stylized with CSS
* Great refresher on version control, Git, and GitHub
* Showcase the importance of accessbility 😀


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

Please follow these steps if you'd like to clone the repo so you can can see the files yourself

### Prerequisites

Please have a GitHub account and set up your SSH key so you may git pull the latest changes to the repository. It's
reccomended to install Visual Studio code as well.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/stvrmrz/Challenge-01-Refactor
   ```
3. Open the repo 
   ```sh
   cd Challenge-01-refactor
   ```
4. Open with VS Code
   ```sh
   code .
   ```

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Link to Deployed Application

_Here is a link to my [Deployed Horiseon Web Page](https://stvrmrz.github.io/Challenge-01-Refactor/)_

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] When I view the source code, then I find semantic HTML elements
- [x] When I view the structure of the HTML elements, then I find that elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
- [x] When I view the icon and image elements, then I find accessible alt attributes
- [x] When I view the heading attributes, then they fall in sequential order
- [x] When I view the title element, then I find a concise descriptive title

See the [closed issues](https://github.com/stvrmrz/Challenge-01-Refactor/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed) for a full list of features.

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Steve Ramirez - [@stvrmrz](https://twitter.com/stvrmrz) - stevearamirez@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/stvrmrz/Challenge-01-Refactor](https://github.com/stvrmrz/Challenge-01-Refactor)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

Here are some of the resources that I used that I want to give credit to:

* [othneildrew Best-README-Template](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)
* [Semantic HTML Web.dev ](https://web.dev/learn/html/semantic-html)
* [Hero sections — accessible, semantic and performant](https://medium.com/@matt.dawkins/hero-sections-accessible-semantic-and-performant-c04502e16f40)
* [CSS FAQ MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Howto/CSS_FAQ)
* [Understanding the Purpose and Usage of the span Element in HTML](https://www.bloomtech.com/programming-questions/what-is-span-in-html#:~:text=The%20element%20is%20often,or%20semantics%20of%20the%20document.)
* [ID vs. Class CSS: Which Should You Use?](https://www.bestcolleges.com/bootcamps/guides/css-class-vs-id/#:~:text=What%20Is%20Class%3F,They%20are%20not%20unique.)
* [How to create a full-page hero image (HTML & CSS)](https://codetheweb.blog/fullscreen-image-hero/)
* [aspect-ratio MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/aspect-ratio)
* [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43388041/why-is-there-a-few-pixels-of-white-space-margin-at-the-bottom-of-position-absolu)
